The following patterns were used when creating the project:
1. DI (Spring)
2. Abstract Factory
3. Decorator

Rules of the game:
The game creates a squad of a certain race, consisting of one mage, three archers and four fighters. Four races are provided: elves, humans, orcs, undead. Elves and humans play against orcs and undead.
All squad characters are divided into two groups: normal and privileged (with improved indicators). A character with an enhancement applied to it is privileged and can use its abilities in the current round. The amount of damage inflicted for privileged characters increases by one and a half times.

In one turn, each character in the squad can perform one action. The enemy (system) chooses the action and the order of the characters in a random order.

From the beginning of the game, each character has a health level equal to 20 HP.

Character abilities:
Race of Elves:
    magician:
        applying an improvement to the character of your squad (+50% hit power)
        dealing magic damage to the enemy character for 10 HP
    bowman:
        shoot a bow (damage 7 HP)
        attack enemy (damage 3 HP)
    warrior:
        attack with sword (15 HP damage)
Race of people:
    magician:
        imposing an improvement on the character of your squad (+50% hit power)
        attack with magic (dealing 4 HP damage)
    crossbowman:
        shoot crossbow (damage 5 HP)
        attack (dealing 3 HP damage)
    warrior:
        attack with sword (18 HP damage)
Orc race:
    shaman:
        imposing an improvement on the character of your squad (+50% hit power)
        casting a curse (removing an improvement from an opponent's character)
    bowman:
        shoot a bow (3 HP damage)
        blade strike (2 HP damage)
    goblin:
        club attack (20 HP damage)
Undead race:
    necromancer:
        send an ailment (reduces the attack power of the enemy character by 50%)
        attack (5 HP damage)
    hunter:
        shoot a bow (dealing 4 HP damage)
        attack (2 HP damage)
    zombie:
        spear strike (18 HP damage)
